Add Support for .env File Configuration (#107)
seratch/ChatGPT-in-Slack: README.md

python main.py
```

> ### Using a .env File for Environment Variables (Optional)
> Instead of exporting environment variables manually, you can use a .env file to simplify the setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using .env for credential loading

If you prefer using .env file to load env variables for local development, you can rename .env.example file to .env:
```

    
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

> Open the .env file and replace the placeholder values with your actual keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, replace the values in .env file with your own API keys and tokens:
```
